see some Luke scratches on CDs rather
than vinyl so now I'm taking them out of
his own but this is what holy is
out of it putting a messy and having
them stuck in the bomb watching me do
stand-up in crazed just lately play
musical which is crazy sweet miracle
took mrs.
you're doing a clear track
see the girl Dre's off this movie
everybody's been singing a favorite
animal what you're doing he doesn't like
animals allergic to animals but he loves
people I said base monsters the BS look
we're even now questions polka I did
there are you should I didn't advise
makes you wanna do buddy Chris yeah yeah
that's you know having grace me let's do
a couple questions and then we're gonna
wrap it up i think it's been like an
hour and a half of my monologue let's
all push don't all right so like would
you have a set where do you everybody
watch Grey's walk off stage okay all
right so like when you when you have a
set you come in with like knowing
exactly what you're going to play at
exactly the same time or do sometimes
what you said earlier maybe the crowds
not feeling I wanted to change it up or
whatever do you solve all right yeah I
priests are most of my sets beyond so
this question if you didn't hear was
with like do I prepare my sets in
advance to do i improvise them and the
answer for me is part of each I have
certain parts of myself that I know work
I'll have you know I know what I'm sure
I'm doing I know that somewhere and I
said I'll do you know this scratch
routine another part of my said I might
know that like two or three songs work
well in a mix one after the other but
more than that I don't plan more than
that except when it's like a really
important show that has a specific set
time do you know I mean like when i
played with madison square garden in
december i played at plan that set out
in the past with room to move a few
things but like I actually the main
thing is an hour set which was what I
had is kind of short and I wanted to
make sure I could fit all the key parts
of the set so I've made my self defense
and went up there and displayed it but
most of my shows um I improvised the
order in which I play the songs you know
based on the vibe that intangible thing
that we call that other questions
you